// SPDX-License-Identifier: UNLICENSED
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

contract Bank{
    uint256 balance=0;
    address public accOwner;

    constructor(){
        accOwner= msg.sender;
    }

    function Deposit() public  payable {
        require(accOwner==msg.sender, "Your are not owner");
        require(msg.value > 0, "Amount should be greater than 0!");
        balance += msg.value;
    }

    function Withdraw() public payable {
        require(accOwner==msg.sender, "Your are not owner");
        require(msg.value > 0, "Amount should be greater than 0!");
        balance -= msg.value;
    }

    function showBalance() public  view returns(uint256){
        require(accOwner==msg.sender, "You are not owner");
        return balance;
    }
}







/*
1.     
What is a Smart Contract? 
A smart contract is a self-executing contract with code that runs on a 
blockchain. It automatically enforces terms and conditions agreed upon 
by all parties. 
2.   What is a Test Network? 
A test network (testnet) is a blockchain network used for testing smart 
contracts and applications without real currency. Examples include 
Ropsten and Goerli for Ethereum. 
3.   What is MetaMask, and why is it used? 
MetaMask is a browser extension and wallet that allows users to manage 
and interact with Ethereum-based assets and decentralized applications 
(dApps). It’s used to deploy and test smart contracts on test networks. 
4.   
Explain the Role of MetaMask in Smart Contract Deployment. 
MetaMask connects to Ethereum networks and provides an account to 
sign and send transactions, allowing users to deploy and test smart 
contracts. 
5.  How Do You Deploy a Smart Contract on a Test Network? 
• Write the smart contract code. 
• Use Remix (online IDE) to compile the code. 
• Connect MetaMask to Remix and choose a test network. 
• Deploy the contract using MetaMask to sign and send the 
transaction. 
6.   
7.   
Explain the Deposit Operation in the Bank Account Smart 
Contract. 
The deposit function allows a user to send a specific amount of 
cryptocurrency to their account balance within the smart contract. 
Explain the Withdraw Operation in the Bank Account Smart 
Contract. 
The withdraw function enables a user to take money out of their account 
balance, provided they have sufficient funds available. 
8. How Does the Show Balance Operation Work in the Smart 
Contract? 
The show balance function returns the current balance of a user’s 
account, showing how much cryptocurrency they have deposited in the 
contract. 
9.   What Is the Objective of Using MetaMask and Test Network in 
This Assignment? 
The objective is to teach students how to interact with Ethereum 
networks and deploy smart contracts, gaining practical experience in 
blockchain technology and its applications. 
10.   What Are the Key Advantages of Using Smart Contracts for 
Banking Operations? 
• Transparency: All operations are recorded on the blockchain. 
• Security: Transactions are encrypted and tamper-proof 
• Automation: Smart contracts self-execute based on coded conditions. 
11. How Do You Test and Verify the Smart Contract? 
Use a test network to run transactions (deposit, withdraw, balance 
check) and confirm they work as expected. Errors or bugs can be fixed 
and retested 
12.  What Are Gas Fees, and Why Are They Relevant in Smart 
Contracts? 
Gas fees are the transaction costs required to run a smart contract on the 
blockchain. They’re necessary for processing and securing transactions 
but are lower on test networks.
*/